GIT INIT

This command turns a directory into an empty Git repository. This is the first step in creating a repository.
 After running git init, adding and committing files/directories is possible.

GIT ADD

Adds files in the to the staging area for Git. Before a file is available to commit to a repository, 
the file needs to be added to the Git index (staging area). There are a few different ways to use git add,
 by adding entire directories, specific files, or all unstaged files.

GIT COMMIT

Record the changes made to the files to a local repository. For easy reference, each commit has a unique ID.

It’s best practice to include a message with each commit explaining the changes made in a commit. 
Adding a commit message helps to find a particular change or understanding the changes.

GIT STATUS

This command returns the current state of the repository.

git status will return the current working branch. If a file is in the staging area, but not committed, 
it shows with git status. Or, if there are no changes it’ll return nothing to commit, working directory clean.


GIT CONFIG

With Git, there are many configurations and settings possible. git config is how to assign these settings. 
Two important settings are user user.name and user.email. These values set what email address and name commits 
will be from on a local computer. With git config, a --global flag is used to write the settings to all repositories
 on a computer. Without a --global flag settings will only apply to the current repository that you are currently in.


git pull
To get the latest version of a repository run git pull. This pulls the changes from the remote repository to the local computer.

git push
Sends local commits to the remote repository. git push requires two parameters: the remote repository and the branch that the push is for.

git remote
To connect a local repository with a remote repository. A remote repository can have a name set to avoid having to remember the URL of the repository.

